# acme-stub

This project provides a very simple stub implementation for automated certificate issuance. The /cert endpoint behaves 
pretty much as requested. The only addition that was made is that the expiration time for the issued "certificate" is appended to the string.

An additional /certificate endpoint has been added. This has the following differences from the /cert endpoint:

* Certificates are generated using the POST method instead of the GET method. Most REST guidelines state that GET invocations should be idempotent, and should not cause resources to be generated.

* The domain is specified in the body of the request rather than the URL. Generally, we would only want an identifier for the resource to be present in the URL if the client was in charge of the resulting resource URL.

* More detailed certificate information is provided in a JSON message body in the response.

An example message body is:
{
  "domain": "mydomain.example.com"
}

I chose Spring Boot for this application as it is widely viewed as an excellent framework for microservices that expose a REST API. It would be very simple to package this service as a Docker container and deploy it to Kubernetes.

The test directory was automatically generated by Spring Initializer but I didn't take the time to write tests. When writing production code, this would be among the first things that I did, as I'm a believer in test driven development.

The code can be executed with "./mvnw spring-boot:run" from the acme directory. 
